# HierarchicalStack
This is a concept to develop a framework to have hierarchical data in a way to identify each unique data as per its level and position and the Id is formatted in this way. The levels and range in a level can be customized by using classes.
## Tech stack. This stack will represent the technologies in a hierarchical structure. We can have many branches of technology and its subbranches as deep as possible.
## System Stack. A system can be represented in a product breakdown structure with all its subsystems at lowest level.
## System-Tech Stack. Now we can join various Systems with single or multiple technologies from the tech stack and thus create a system-tech stack of the model.
# Stack Tools. We can then utilize this hierarchical stack framework and create various tools for meeting user requirements.
## Each Element at any level in the hierarchical stack can have attributes as per the use case. The tools for the stacks can have custom functions to manipulate the attributes or interact with any other element in the same stack or other stack. Since the id is coded in a way to identify the level and position, even a random selection of any element can give us information about its level and position.
# Infinite Branching. Since the Levels and ranges within a level are almost unlimited, the hierarchy can be sealed as per requirements to have more levels or larger ranges as per the use case.
ID Encoding. Each element would be encoded in a format LLCCCCLLCCCC format. Here we are representing a stack with 00 to 99 Levels and 0000 to 9999 children at that level. So LLCCCC would be the element ID to uniquely identify any element. So 6 digits in LLCCCC should ve sufficient, but we want to know the hierarchy hence the parents code would be prefixed with the child code. Hence first six digits would represent parents id and next six the child id. Thus we get 12 digits LLCCCCLLCCCC. To have standardization, even the Topmost Parent(Only one) would have the LLCCCCLLCCCC format(000000-000000). The hyphen is only for clarity. The first child will have the code 00-0000-01-0000. Here 01 in the child id represents the first level. Second child in first level would havethe code 00-0000-01-0001 and so on. Thus in first Level we can have 10000 Elements with one parent. Now all these elements can become parent to 10000 children each. Now you get why we have the parent code! We can have 10000^2 elements at second level and the parent code of each alongwith the child's code would make it unique.
